React: Add support for react18's new root API (#17215)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/faq.md

💡 Fast Refresh only works in development mode with React 16.10 or higher.
</div>

### How do I setup the new React Context Root API with Storybook?

> The new React Context Root API which was introduced in React 17/18 is an opt-in feature that can be used in Storybook React.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new [React Root API](https://reactjs.org/docs/concurrent-mode-reference.html) which was introduced in React 18 is an opt-in feature that can be used in Storybook React.
```

You can set the following properties in your `.storybook/main.js` files:

```js
module.exports = {
  reactOptions: {

>     newReactRootApi: true,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    newRootApi: true,
```

Author: done

  },
};
```

After enabling it, it is possible to use React's newest [concurrent features](https://reactjs.org/docs/concurrent-mode-intro.html).

<div class="aside">

> 💡 The new React Context API (React.createRoot) only works with React 17.x and above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
💡 The new React Root API (React.createRoot) only works with React 18 and above.
```
